All right, welcome everybody. Well, my name is Darnell self and I'm honored to do this presentation today. Someone did the same thing for me years ago when I was 28 years old and 52 years old now don't tell anybody but that's a while ago, but it's changed my life. And today I have an opportunity to share this with you. I will say right up front. Let me print by saying this not everything's for everybody and that everybody's for everything but I'm glad you have an open mind enough to at least check out this information because I think about this all the time. What if I passed this up and didn't say to myself. Well, don't at least take a look at it only because at 25 years old, I stepped out on faith for my job to try a few entrepreneurial Ventures that didn't work out for me and I could have tried to drag my past forward and it would have unfortunately placed a barrier between me and my future and so I can't change my past neither. Can you I can't change my start. But any one of us, in fact every one of us can change our ending and so today it's my honor to share this information with you all today. I'm gonna share my screen here and you can follow me along with these slots. It'll be a short presentation and I have some special guests that I'll introduce you introduce you to here just a little bit. So this is my family here. I'm born and raised in Maryland. I live about 15 minutes outside of Washington DC my background was that of a retail manager. I worked at a mall and I met my wife there at the mall. I was working there. I was in college for extra money for books Etc to help my parents out. But when I graduated with my degree in public relations, which by the way to let me seven and years to get my 40 degree don't judge me. I was very undecided in school. I changed my amazing major a lot, but eventually I think I received my degree, but he was my challenge working at the mall all the way through. Gave me some experience. In fact, they offered me the manager's position at the mall. But with all the interviews I went on with my college degree. I was offered $24,000 a year with my degree, but the more offered me $40,000 a year without my degree. So guess what? I did. Yeah, like most folks. I never had a job with my college degree. I stayed there at the mall. In fact, I liked them all but I did not like working 60 to 80 hours a week. And when you manage the store when you listen, when you go in you're there all day was we call the stretch in retail and even when I was off and people called in I had to go in because I was a manager and I missed out on everything that happened in my personal life on the weekends. My kids sporting events birthday parties family Union Church. Do you like me families important? So I just felt like I'm not gonna do this for the rest of my life. And so as I said earlier, I stepped out on faith to become an entrepreneur with the age of 25 sounds good when you say an entrepreneur, but my income went on a downward spiral because I didn't have any revenues coming in for a while. My wife went on to get a job and her degree broadcast journalism at a cable station called bet so she was attempting to Are both of us at the time and our two small kids and it just wasn't working out for us and thank God a friend of mine introduced me to exactly where I'm gonna share with you today over the next 20 minutes and changed everything for me a year later. My wife was able to walk away from her job on maternity leave with our youngest son there kneeling in the middle. We call it eternity lead because she never went back and so we've been staying home parents now for over 20 years, we travel the world so our kids education it did much greater than a full laws of their school because of different cultures and races and and demographics their experience has just been awesome. And and so that for us is probably been the the biggest thing in the next thing is it wasn't just about us before I turn 40 years old my wife and I were blessed to help 40 people with the system. I'll share with you today to earn six figures a year from home. So at 40 I thought like man, that's like one a year since I was one years old. Anyway, maybe feel good because it was bigger than me. I knew it was about helping other people so enough about me. Let's get into the three forms of income this Your income which is what I was making at the mall I traded time for money. Right? Most people were that way they're trading time for money. I get it whether you're a dentist or whether you're an engineer or you work at the mall like me most of us trade time for money. But then this leverage income when you're in a collaboration with someone right just you and a team of people like real estate works, like like that insurance works like that where you can be a real estate broker have real estate agents. The agent sells a home in a broker still makes a percentage leverage income if you're busy you want to make money while you're busy be careful. Listen to folks say one busy and they're only making money on linear income the key is when you're busy to still make money from other opportunities why you're busy doing the things you love busy traveling busy with your family. So it's okay to be busy. As long as you're making money from other opportunities while you're busy we'll talk about that residual income means you do something one time and you get paid for it over and over again for it. Now the project that I started when I was 28 years old. It's been around for 50 years now starting. 1972 we have 4.4 million customers that we already protect with the services that we provide and these services are for everybody the opportunity side to make money is not for everybody. It's not everybody's interested in that I get it but this services will share in just a little bit for everybody. So 4.4 million people already take advantage of what I'm gonna shoot share with you. It's awesome. Our vision is to provide equal access to the Liberty equality opportunity and Justice that everybody deserves and I know you would agree with that. We've been written up in all types of third party sources and that's important Mike because people like well, I'm tired of get rich Quicks companies that are here today gone out of business tomorrow. So you're looking at a company that's Solid Rock Solid 50 years old. Now we're part of disruptive innovation. That's a space where you take an existing model and you make it simpler easier and more affordable Amazon did that to retail industry Netflix to the video rental industry. Let's see Uber has done it to this Transportation industry. Airbnb is now doing it to the accommodations industry. So you familiar with disruptive innovation also termed digital disruptors. So we've done the same thing with the justice system. We know at 300 miles an hour. The average person has never had access to justice is it people been priced out of it? Because they check their checkbooks before they check their rights. And as you can tell I'm passionate about what I do because I believe all of us deserve access to our rights. And so with this one mobile app for a dollar a day you have access to everything. I'm gonna go I'm gonna go over look. I I've been doing this for 24 years, right? I started when I was 28 and 52 and I've never had anyone tell me a dollar a day. That's too much for Lord You're not right? How do you sleep at night charging a dollar a day for lawyer? No, it's ever said that to me ever. The only thing most of said to me is how can you do it for a dollar a day? Like they can't understand why so inexpensive we've taken a $300 an hour product. It made it a dollar a day typically in marketing or even sales you're taking a product and hold. So you're selling it retail. So your marketing it up. We've marked the product down. So people like they can't wrap your minds around. It was not your dollar a day or my dollar a day when we just said no to people have it over a million people paying a dollar day share. Army group buying power allows us to have access to lawyers to have an average of 22 years of experience. We're gonna do for you with one debater pick up the phone and say look, I just need help. I need some advice. Like I never forget. I had a situation my truck and I didn't know what to do. It felt like the dealership wasn't treating me right but I'm not a mechanic. Well, guess what my lawyers got involved and they told me what my rights were. Hey to keep the truck for three more days with that making model and that particular State and based on how long you had it. It falls under the Lemon Law. I'm thinking I would have never known that at a situation with a custom sofa my wife and I ordered had a rip at the bottom. The furniture company says nothing we can do calling our lawyer. They said look, there's three types of consumer laws or are warranties in your state. This was gonna fall under some code. They mentioned they said we could make a phone call for you. I said sure the same Furniture companies they say there was nothing they could do say Miss himself. We're gonna send someone out and see if we can repay it if not where we replace it had a situation. My daughters are truck. We purchase they were trying to charge us twice the amount of Car note three months after we purchased I'm like, well, how's this double all of a sudden? They said, well, you have an insurance last I said, no, that's not possible. We don't and I'm trying to understand you know how it they see an insurance lot and I didn't guess what? I don't even use it. Sorry. I didn't even use it. I just said Hey, listen, just give me a legal department. I have my lawyers call yours. Oh, no, we don't need to do that. Just send us verification. You have insurance. I'm thinking you just told me is nothing you can do again guys. This is the reason why we're growing so fast because people are tired of being treated unfairly taking advantage of overcharge for repairs. I lose your right. Let us make phone calls for you on your behalf. If they deem that to be necessary. If you contracts and documents up to 15 pages that save me thousands of dollars, they're preparing last will and testament a living will Healthcare power attorney Financial power of attorney. All it no cost just As you remember and they update that each year and no additional cost. Listen all of us need this. Most of us just don't have it. This is why this this sets us up for a huge Market opportunity less than three percent of the population right now have a legal plan. That's why we're growing so fast traffic ticket assistance just in case you get a moving traffic violation. You want to keep the points off your license. So your auto insurance doesn't go up Civil Trial defense if you name a law so you have a schedule number of hours there you better have this and not need it than to need it and not have it tax out of assistance. The reason why this is so powerful because we're not just talking about lawyers at Friends of the lawyers. In fact, they're great lawyers, but they don't know every area of law like every doctor doesn't know every area of medicine. So it makes just have access to this. Okay, prefer remember discounts a 25% discount you ever see the lawyer on sale. No, yeah, you have it. So here you get a discount on pre-existing matters felonies, right? This isn't set up because we want bad people to do worse things, but we understand bad things happen to good people all the time and 24-hour access seven days a week. I told you are in the beginning two of our youngesters are in college. The rest are out in their own the other two out in their own and our tour in college one is about an hour and a half north of me and my daughter is about Nine hour drive south of us in Georgia and she's a great young lady. But if she's being questioned detained or arrested, she hasn't very right to talk back and forth with law enforcement and disrespect them doesn't turn out well. She shouldn't have a right. See let me call my dad or my pastor, but she doesn't write to say I like that exercise my Miranda and talk to my lawyer from being questioned detained or arrested my buddies who are officers love this service because even if their child's school out of state being an officer here doesn't help them out doesn't help their child out. This is peace of mind guys. And we all the people we love and care about we all should have access to this. So make sure you take advantage of this get back with a person who advise you to check this out take advantage of the services of nothing else. The only one that you have to wait 90 days for is a family domestic service. That's for uncontested divorce adoption separation and name change everything. I just talked about if it was just consultation alone to be working for a dollar a day. If it was just my daughter have any app for 24 hour access it would be worth it for a dollar day but everything I just talked about four dollar a day. We also have business planes available get back with the person invites you out in the whole family's protecting under one plan. Listen, we have two kids now over 26, but they pay for their own plan. But everybody's protected under one plan under the age of 26. Is this awesome your entire family. We also have an identity theft plan. So we have LegalShield. To help you get access to lawyers to justice system you deserve. Shield to fight the number one crime in the world called identity theft. So what we're going to do is we're gonna monitor everything that matters we give you access to your credit score. We monitor all three credit deposit repositories or credit bureaus if you're Canada, that's one social security number if you're in Canada social insurance number, so it's like change in vernacular. We monitor everything that matters. We even help you out. We're privacy and reputation management. And when you receive that alert, you simply press that button. It says call your ID show support and you're gonna have a one million dollar identity for our protection plan. Well, you'll be a sign to your very own licensed private investigator who would do whatever it takes for as long as it takes to be story identity back to pre theft status listen. And so you have access to this you don't really understand the power in it because they're eight year olds who are victims right now who won't even know it into their 22 years old right when they go to rent their first off campus apartment. So it's critical that we have this we even have it for business because you want to protect that brand that you've been building. We're Help you out with the ever-evolving malware infections that are out there. We help you out. When you're at a coffee shop or an airport, you're using a public Wi-Fi. We're gonna help to filter and block out those malicious websites and online fraud. We're gonna help you out with a password manager so we can help you to create unique and tough to have passwords. You don't have to remember them and then credit counseling education. Our identity theft specials will provide you check this out one on one education and provide information. That's gonna help you understand how valuable your credit rating is and even actions that are likely to have impact on your credit score. So you just have to have both the legal plan and the identity theft plan for that. We were right number one before by the way. That's huge right. Number two number three, that'd be great. We're number one. And unlike the legal plan. You have a family plan and an individual plan. Remember the legal plan just all in one whether it's just one of you or ten of you and your family. It's still the 29.95. He is you can see the individual plan. If you're not married, you don't have any dependence you can get if only 1995 you're protecting your family with the identity theft plan is 3495. Now what I love about our program we added this on a little while ago. Now we said listen, we understand people have budgets and they're like, hey, I gotta think about how much more money I put out. What if we can help you to say just as much money as you put out. So we created this member perks 400 vendors give us a discount and this is about 20 here. When you renew your Costco's membership discount go to rent a car discount go to Yankee Candle discount office deep Office Depot candle. Oh candle discount. When you go to Best Buy, I save hundreds of dollars on my wife's refrigerator. I say over two thousand dollars on my daughter's new vehicle. I purchase her. So again guys is a lot of discounts here. Make sure you take advantage if you like me is not much money you make but how much money you keep All right guys, I know some of you've been told there's some money to be made here. You're like look, I know you worked at the mall and you talk fast. I appreciate your enthusiasm. But you know, I'm just looking to make some extra money right now. And I'm so excited for you because first of all you have to see that there's real value in the services that we provide. I just don't believe there's any long-term success in anything. You can't be passionate about Right fleeting satisfaction. Maybe you find some money here and there but if you're passionate about something you believe in something, you're more likely to succeed long-term in that which you believe in so I would say use a services that way you understand what we're doing is so valuable and yes, we're making a difference and I can tell you story after story after Story of people have used a Services because I've been around for 24 years and how valuable it is to them and how they'll never let it go which means residual income for those who marketed as services to them. So I'm going to share this with you. So one time startup fee. For $99, that's it. Right. I'm gonna go ahead and click through this one time startup fee for 99 dollars. That's it. That's You can spend $99 easily going to a coffee shop every day. So one time I was gonna write it off. You become an independent associate here. You don't have to try to figure out the presentations all the brandings done. Right? If you were to start a your own business as a State Farm Insurance agent are you know what your colors are gonna be right the brandings already done. You don't come up with the presentation. So again, I got to to join a proven system. As the guy who worked at the mall who was just praying that this was going to be a real opportunity where I can make a difference for my family and other families. So what I'm sharing with you now is the same thing that was shared with me. They said look if you can let people know this exist. You don't have to be a great salesperson. You just let them know it exists. It's not if it's just when. Is that if people need the services win and when they need it, they don't want to spend $300 an hour so they got to come to you. It's unlike anything else out there because normally the competitive landscape is well, let me check my grocery store first. So GNC first are Amazon first. We're not gonna find a lawyer on Amazon. You're not gonna find a lawyer on itself at Target. So that's why this makes it so special. So as an independent associate it comes gonna send you 70 dollars for the referral for 64 90. Now if someone was just wants to leave no plan and they don't get oh, it's gonna be like everything now if they want a small business plan, then you get paid more than 70. This is based on a 64 90 family plan. Now when you go out and get your first three customers, we call them members people just want the service. They don't want to join the business in one person who decides to join the business you can get a raise or promotion to senior social now, you're making 90 dollars every single time. You said a service now, if you don't want to build a team, you can just get five customers. So we're hybrid company. We have folks who just go out and Market the service and earn six figures. Or an extra few dollars a month. It's up to you. We have an employee benefits that we call it Business Solutions. We're 40,000 companies are for this as an employee benefit. So a lot of different channels that you can participate with but as a senior social making ninety dollars now every single time you share the service and when you're doing your first 20 days, we're gonna see your money back. Remember you pay $99. So start your own business here. What's in your hundred dollars? You see over there to the left. When you do that your first 28 going to get your first week customers in one business partner or just five customers. You don't want to stop there. We also incentivize you to keep moving when you become a manager. That's three business partners and a handful of customers collectively. Now, you're making 120. Let's just stop there. So 10 customers you can do the math 10 times 120 is 1200 dollars. That day that week that month we get paid every day, by the way, every time you send a referral in but that's up to you. Right part-time spare time is completely up to you. Now as a as a manager, let's say today. That you introduce me. This is all the busy people. Now, I'm an associate your manager the difference between my 70 in your 120 is fifty dollars. So every time Darnell said to service I make 70 you make 50. Are you mad at me? No, you like go Darnell go see the person at the bottom can make more than a person at the top Here Is this different at my job my boss made more than me, his boss made more than both of us. It was a corporate pyramid this company flipped it upside down and say pay the person is doing the work the most the person is not doing the work won't mind getting a small piece of something they didn't even do and don't give me wrong you leadership has a reason to help you write your support system is they get paid bonuses whenever they help you to move up so they have an interest to see you win. Not an interesting seeing you lose. We don't make money just because people join here we make money because people succeed here. So introduce my buddy, Mike Humes my team delivered mail for living in Georgetown when he made a hundred thousand dollars. He quit his job as a male man because he never made six figures running from dogs that year the company sent me 30 thousand dollars and over us on smiling because I still remember that I'm thinking hold on. I didn't even do the works all the busy people watching this you can keep doing what you're doing. If you love your career continue to do that your physician continue to do that. But how awesome is it to build up a nice retirement income here too a residual income here too. So back to my Kings. He made a hundred thousand dollars. He quit his job. I made 30,000. He wasn't mad because he was able to quit his job and have his time freedom for his family. I wasn't mad because I thought at that moment, hold on. So if I have 10 people my team making six figures they sent me 30,000 times 10. That's 300,000 20 people my team making six figure that's $600,000. So that's in my life and I started earning significant income not because we stepped on other people and kept them below us, but because he lifted other people up and bought them with us. That's the passive income ladies and gentlemen, that's not even included residual income that comes in on the 13th month of what we paid you up front you get another 10% when I quit my job. They quit paying me they have not sent me 10% 1% They've sent me no percent right? So that's the way it works here. You also have an opportunity to earn bonuses every month protect two to four families every month just to get the service. You can earn up the 500 dollars in in additional bonuses. We also take trips together not like the top 10 top 20 hundreds of us with the Maui this year. We've been to Cabo. This is from Cabo over to the right. Our first trip was in the Atlantis and the baham's one of our first trips and that's the picture over there my family and this is just shows you how long we've been taking these trips for those who like, I don't know. This is gonna be here for a while. Listen guys. My kids grew up. That's not Photoshop. They really did get taller, right? This is how long we've been taking these trips. So all you have to start your own business part-time spare time any time work from anywhere. I took my mom to Jamaica for 80th birthday. I made more money while I was in Jamaica. Yeah Mom, then I did when I was here in Maryland. How's that possible? Because people aren't waiting for you to be home to use the service. You can refer someone to the service from your smart device. You send them a link they want like what they see and you get paid for that so work from anywhere will have a book of business Life Time residual income. We have a training a virtual train. It's gonna start you off. It's called a fast start training class. So, please take that all going weekly training alignment with mentors. So one time does be all as we always say already stated. And the only ongoing expense is free to first month is $24.95 that gives you access to your digital tools. So that way you can track everything right you can see how much you're getting paid every day. You can also see who's watched the videos you can track everything you need to it's awesome business to be a part of all you have to do is use the membership yourself decide which one you're gonna get legal plan or any theft plan or both family planner individual plan you get started in the business. Here's what I want to do for you today instead of showing you slides of people who are testimonies. I'm actually gonna go out to a couple of testimonies for you real quickly so that they can say hello to you. So, you know, what's bigger than Darnell and again, our team has been blessed because we have a lot of people who've earned significant income. Again, I'm 52 now. But before we turn 40 yet 40 people that term earning 40 people in our team earning six figures and I'll say any of this to impress you but to impress upon you that we're not asking whether you think this works or not. We're just asking whether you like to participate and get the piece what's already proven to work? And I hope you don't take that as arrogant. It's just confidence because It's it's a system and we which is honored to be able to prove that it's real. So I think that it's good to have testimonies that way people can see that it's bigger than just one person. So the first person to go out to as young lady who's part-time she's in Atlanta Georgia, and I hope I was able to catch her for just a couple of minutes today to share her testimony with you. So let's go out to a good friend of mine who's part-time here with us, and I'll have our share a story Miss Fair Shelley over to you. Thank you, sir. Can you hear me? Okay, I sure can. Thank you for joining us. Awesome. Well amazing presentation as always again everyone. My name is Sarah Shelley. My background is that I've I'm in law enforcement been a police officer for going on 12 years. Now what this business has meant to me someone shared the membership with me initially and I had never heard of it, but I couldn't see how anyone could go without having a service. Just seeing what's constantly going on in our community and then seeing was even happened with covid. This is just something that everybody needs to have. So with that said I got the membership. He then told me how much money he made off me getting the membership and that really blew me away as an officer. We do a lot of contract work Contracting ourselves out to make the income supplement the income that we don't make with our paycheck. So in a nutshell what LegalShield has been for me financially what it took me what is still taking me to build as a police officer guys, because when you as a W-2 employee when you take away the taxes at the end of the day it took me three years to build on a part-time basis. What is still taking me? After taxes to build as a full-time police officer, so I truly appreciate being able to take this out to my community share with them the importance of this and that's all being able to have access to our rights to being able to go where I want to go when I want to go travel the world something I could never do as often as I do prior to having this opportunity presented to me and then ultimately finalizing. I have one more weeks. So I haven't mentioned it yet, but finalizing on one of my big goals before I turn 35, um, not about a week to go but thanks to this opportunity. This is just been life-changing for me. So with that said, I'll turn it back over to you. I'm so proud of you. And for those who follow officer Ferris Shelley on social media. You probably think she doesn't have a job. You're like she's no way. I mean she is everywhere and all over the world. And I know your passport is probably stamped all over but I just say that because I want to brag on her a little bit because she's proven that you can be full-time full-time police officer and still be able to build a very successful part-time business here with legalship. We're very proud of you excited for you and thank you for all the lives you've changed with our membership because I know that's what you're most passionate about. Let's all go out all for the mainland to the islands of Hawaii to my good friend who's also had amazing success here with our company Mr. Ben Hill's you're over to you sir. We're able to join us. Aloha, sir, can you hear me? Okay, I sure can Aloha. Thank you so much. Every time I listen to this presentation, I want to purchase the plan over again, but I can't so but I want to thank you sir. And I want to thank the opportunity to share here Aloha family and about 11 years ago a gentleman shared a DVD CD with me that changed my life. I was looking for something different. I moved out here to Hawaii my wife's from here. And every time I was looking for a jobs, it would just pay for daycare and I wasn't getting ahead if you know what I mean. I too much month at the end of my money and so it didn't take any rocket scientists to realize I needed something different. So I took a leap of faith and joined this this opportunity this Mission here to protect and Empower people and I've been a full-time dad now for 11 years. I haven't had a bunch of clock. I've got one boss. She's in the driver's seat right now. We're out here running some errands on a Monday folks and we've been able to replicate my corporate income here spare time part time working 20 hours a week in a previous flight life. I served our country and the military jumping Airplanes. So listen, you don't have to have a PhD here to be successful. We just need you in the tool shed. You don't have to be the sharpest tool. So if you got a white hot burning desire a willingness to work and coachable this may or may not be the opportunity for you. But come join us and see the world. It's been an honor sir to share and I look forward to the success of the people that are here today back over to you. Aloha. Aloha my friend. Thank you so much for taking time out you and offers to Shelly. It means the world to me and I'll tell you what, this is all you have to do like it's as simple as this get back with the person who buys you to check this out and let them know whether you're one two or three we like to keep it simple because he thinks Simplicity is key. Number one just wants to use the membership you like. Hey, I appreciate the invitation. Thanks for thinking of me. And I want to use the membership. It makes sense or I want to use the membership because I want to believe in it. I've never heard of it before and we can respect that. So congratulations. You're number one. Number two says, hey look not only do I see value in the membership. I see value in the opportunity. I mean to make extra money. This makes sense. Everybody needs this and less than three. Of the people have it. I want to be here on the front end of this industry before it even grows for grows even more and so get back with the person who invites you to check this out and say look I'm interested in the income opportunity as well as the membership use the membership and get your training class as soon as possible so we can help you get paid and promote it number three type of person says, hey, look I just have questions. I got talks really fast. I know we worked at the mall. I caught that and I caught a couple other words, but I missed most of it. So I have questions and questions aren't back questions are good. That way you're not the body the opinions of other people you can make your own wise and well informed decision. So here's the advice that we give you for number three. A mentor said this to me. He said Darnell be careful buying the opinions of others unless you're willing to buy their lifestyle, and I'm so thankful. We said that because most of the people that worked at the mall with me who told me d man that will never work. We're still working at the mall years later and always think to myself man what my kids college tuition bills look like right now student loans look like right now, they don't have anything God because we didn't buy their opinions. So if you have questions don't buy the opinions of others the personal invite you to check out this information has access to all of the executives here with our team. They'll be happy to connect you with one of them, so that way we can get your question answered. You can make a wise and well informed decision we can get you up and running and help you to have your own testimony here with our team. Congratulations again. Thanks for being on and welcome to the team for all those who are join, bye-bye.