The name of my talk is is up to me. and that's because it is up to you. You can't count on anybody else you could blame a lot of people, but it's up to you. Now what's going to help you out as I go through this this talk? Is to realize that everything happens for you not to you. Repeat after me everything happens for me. Not to me. So that means my first network marketing company when it costs $5,000 to get started that actually happened for me. because when I got to LegalShield It was 249 dollars for me to ask the folks and I was used to asking for $5,000. And I was around Folks at the meetings and they were saying things like you know, and it's 249 dollars to get started almost apologetic. for asking for $249 But not me. Because the company where I failed I was used to asking for $5,000. So when I got the LegalShield I said and guess what the best part is. It's only 249 dollars. You have an opportunity to change the rest of your life and you're not gonna believe this for 250. Like is that crazy? So my posture my delivery was different because of $5,000 was happening for me. The first training I went to in this industry was 300 bucks. It was called a basic training in that company. It's equivalent to the fast start training class here. And it was $300 to go to that training. Here when I went to my first fast start training. I don't remember how much it was like maybe 10 or 20 bucks Brown. I'm not sure how much it was whatever it was. I was like and guess what folks who have succeeded. Well, actually teach you in coach you for like 20 bucks. And folks some people like, you know, you do does it cost. You know, how much is it's 15 dollars. So that happened for me to 300 bucks the Super Saturday event in that training in that company was called in advance training. So you got basic in advance. That was a super Saturday here super Saturday here what 20 bucks 25 bucks? $30 at the door, maybe. Six hundred dollars to go to Super Saturday event there. $600 per person that was happening for me. I didn't make any money there. But God Was preparing me to get started with the company to charge 20 bucks for a Super Saturday event. So I had a head start. That's want you to know that because I don't want you to compare yourself to me. I want you to know I had a head start. I had an opportunity to say and guess what? People flying in the best of the best will be coming or hey, we should get in the car and drive to Ohio to drive to Georgia all the things we did. Because we can actually hear from the best of the best and you're not gonna believe this $20. They're like what I'm like, I know it's crazy. Like I mean people should we get to go let's get everybody for 20. It was almost like we were sneaking in. But guess what? If you're not seeing that type of value in our leadership, you're actually hesitant to say that it cost. People even say to you are there any additional costs once I get started? And we almost shy away from it. No, not really. Hello. No, the best part is you're not gonna believe this you get an opportunity to hear from those who are earning six figures in some cases more. for $20 This is why I had so much success my first year because I came from somewhere and it all happened for me not to me didn't make any money. So while it was happening, I thought it was happening to me, but I quickly learned that it was all happening for me. Somebody's in a position right now in this room that you're not happy about and the reason why I thought I share with you that is happening for you because I want you to look at your current situation and gain the lessons from it and realize why that's happening so that that way you can say man. I'm looking for what's happening for me. So this one thing that I want you to sift. You've heard it several times every single speaker said this word out of their mouth. I was taking notes. Every single speaker said this one word out of their mouth because it is the Difference Maker it is the thing that will close the chasm the difference between back there and up here. And that is belief. now believe is what you would call truth. So let's talk about belief because unfortunately some of the things that we have been believing all this time, we've been believing for some reason and it's held us back from the things that you've been called to do. You've been purpose to do the things, you know, you can do before whatever reason you started talking yourself out of doing it. And there's a lot of different reasons why so let's talk about why we believe why we believe what we believe why we accept the things we've accepted as truth. There's a lot of reasons one The Source like because my momma told me. That's why I believe it. I heard it's my teacher said it. Maybe it was a personal experience. Oh, yeah. I tried something like that before and now everything similar to that under that umbrella. You say? Oh I try even though it wasn't that. Like I've dated before so dating doesn't work for me. I tried a business before so business doesn't work for me. You know what I'm talking about faith. Right. I haven't seen it haven't heard it, but I believe it. And none of these are wrong or right just things I'm sharing with you. Repeat it often something just hurt man. I've always heard it. I don't even know. I mean I just figured it was true because people have said it all the time. Just because this is a funny one. This is how you know, someone is just because person because you say hey, so what can I ask you? Why even believe that and like that that means just because they give you the Emoji. Right, they don't they have no idea. They're like, I don't even know I believe that most of us heard the story about the fleas in the lid. And you place the lid on the jar and it fleas will only jump to the height of that jar. So we remove the lid as a video said. It's been proven. This one is true. That the fleas are only jumped to that height. And we normally in the story there. We don't continue and say and share that the study has also shown that Windows fleas reproduce their offspring will only jump to that same height and they've never had the lid. They've only jumped to the height that they believe because of what they've watched from those who had gone before them. The very thing we say we want success. And then in this side the most the number one thing we say we want to avoid. Let's say it's rejection. I hate rejection. I hate nose. So the very thing we say we want is in contradiction to the number one thing we want to avoid. And so our life is a contradiction. You cannot want. the very thing that is that that you're going to actually need over here to get this. So you actually need rejection to get the success so you can't avoid it if you avoid it you go backwards. So you have to continue to embrace what's always going to be there in your life? Like I am in a position where I encounter negative people all the time when you know, clearly what you want. You also know clearly what you don't want. This that's the key to that. So if I walk into a shoe store and I said, hey, I miss the salesman. I'm looking for some black shoes. You know, I want some black shoes away for this event. He's like, hey, man, I'm sorry. We don't have black but I have brown. I'm not disrespectful just like Hey, listen, I appreciate that, but I'm actually looking for black because I'm clear what I want. So I'm also clear with what I don't want. You guys get what I'm saying? It is time for you to win and if it's time for you to win take full responsibility on why you are where you are. You can't be a repeat champion no longer doing what you used to do. People like man, why you out there doing a tour because I'm getting another championship ring. I can't do less than what I did to get the first ring. You never asked a top Superstar athlete why you still in the gym practicing and if unless they don't want to be a repeat champion. Visualize what you want. Instead of mental picture in your mind instead of mental picture in your mind something about putting a middle picture in your mind. I got middle pictures in my mind all the time. If you're not in that place get around people that's why being in the right rooms. think big enough that affirmations get you excited. So what's happening is that some of us are putting the same affirmations in affirmations just aren't stretching us enough until rehearsal. Watch this one because sometimes we're around people that have as mentally rehearsing things that we shouldn't be saying to ourselves. We're around people that don't compliment us around people that don't encourage us and I hear here. I am in the filterless Darnell self real quickly. You cannot Escape? Becoming a person you need to be. being around people who hold you captive to the person you used to be your associations will make or break you they'll even have you thinking like you can accomplish the world or have you thinking that you're crazy for even thinking that way if you listen if you want to start believing different you can't say one day someday. I hope day it's got to be look what day you said today.