And so once you decided to be entrepreneurs, it's just a cakewalk from there, right? I mean suit. We're right here from the Washington DC Maryland area. My father Joel the Metro Bus the DC transit system, my mother were for the government. So we have a lot of money. So I thought I'd help out and I got a job while I was in college at work retail all the way through college to make extra money and one day while I was working at the mall this pretty girl walks pie. She says that man, it's fine. I'm gonna get a job in there. This is my version. She can tell her version later. And so she did she got a job at the store. We dated got married and now here we are, you know 27 years later. In the beginning of our business. I thought my husband was crazy. I said this isn't gonna work. I don't know what you're doing. I didn't have much of a belief. All my belief was in him. That's all I had because I didn't understand. Any parts of the business. I just wanted to pay our bills we weren't doing well. We were borrowing money paying bills late, and I just wanted to pay the bills. So I said this is gonna pay the bills just do it and unfortunately, I unintentionally stole her dream. Just like Tracy just said she's like I just wanted to pay the bills and whenever anyone says only or just they're not dreaming big. You know, I only I just right I didn't realize that's where I was. Yeah, it was just it was really scary. At the time to go through that. But I believed in you. So that's I just held on to that. Because I didn't understand. Yeah, I didn't don't make me cry. So it's just yeah, that was a it was a tough time for us. We push through thank God we have faith and I always believe by the way, you're cooking. You know, it's like, you know, did you believe? Yes, so she doubt it. I always believe you know, what is painful as it was and as hard as it was I would say I would do it all again because it made us different it made us different and I don't think we would be where we are today. If we hadn't gone through that we may be successful but not where we are right now. Our unit that probably means more to us than anything and to see us have the family we have today because of the time flexibility to be able to be there at the football games in track meets in dance recitals and just moments right just having individual lunch or I've traveled individually with the kids. So but then the time to come together when we're all together in the pit this this is when she's like in heaven. Oh, yes. Oh your kids at home. Now that they're all adults trying to coordinate schedules is a challenge. So whenever I can get all of us together, I am happy and now we have grandchildren and to be able to spend time with them. It's it's everything to me. Yeah. I don't ever want to be in a place where I forget where I've come from and I start to look at myself as if I did all of this. I know I'm being used as a tool by God, and I'm thankful. I'm grateful. and that's why I'm thankful for my season of preparation because it reminds me of where we've come from and all of that hurt, you know it it has allowed us to again speak from our hearts. And with authenticity. Well, I never want to come across as disingenuous. You know, I want people know if I even if I say tough things it's because I care and I want to see the best in others. I often try to convince him to just take a minute. Take it in because yes, he's being used as a tool to bless so many but he's not just this person on stage or while he's filming while he's at the airport. He's this person all the time. He's that person as a husband. He's amazing father as a brother as a son he's always like that and we get it at home all the time. But to watch him do it for the masses. It's phenomenal. It just warms my heart. It really does it does. Thank you. Just let us love you. Hey, what's up? Everybody? It's Sunday. So of course this is self-talk Sunday, and I'm Darnell. So listen today this one to me success in that just about with that individual has but how many people they have helped. In fact, our success is only come because of successful people that we have poured into directly and indirectly so I don't want to take credit for that. Right? They tapped into the potential to already existed within them. I just happen to direct them and guide them maybe Inspire them but they made the decision that you know, what today I change tomorrow will be different next year. We'll be a different year than this year. So just like we did we made a decision and then we executed on we we acted on it and they did the same thing. And so, you know, that that's been a real blessing for us and then on top of finding these amazing people these uncompromising Champions that we get an opportunity to work with. now we have our own children, who are developing successful businesses as well in having LegalShield be one of those businesses. Oh my gosh. Let's go people need this. You know, my kids have just This great of an opportunity as we have we got started that makes me smile. I mean, that's when you're talking about Legacy.