Congratulations and welcome to the pp LSI family. My name is Darnell self. I'm one of the many million dollar year income earners here with our amazing company again. 
Congratulations on your decision to join us. Guess what? I had a day one just like you you see I used to work at the mall. I work 60 to 80 hours a week selling clothing at a retail store and actually liked working at the retail store, but I didn't like all of the hours because I missed out on my personal life. My kids sporting events birthday parties family reunions. You name it if it happened on a Saturday or a Sunday, you can count Darnell out because I was there at the mall and I thought it's got to be something better for me and a friend of mine introduce me to PP LSI. 
You know, the thing that impressed me is that there was a system in place there were people who are already succeeded so they can share with me their best practices. They could even share some of their failures and mistakes so that I could avoid some of those Same pitfalls and so they share with me what I'm gonna share with you right now to sit make a list. 
So I'm gonna ask that you make a list of just 10 people. We all know 10 people who we love and who love us and with those 10 people. We're actually gonna give you a short script to send to them. You don't have to think about what those words are. We're actually gonna give you that information in that information is gonna leave them to a quick video where they can actually watch the information so you didn't have to think about what to say. 
I couldn't believe that on a part-time Spare Time basis. Someone else is gonna either do the overview or my behalf, or I could just send them a quick video. So we're gonna give you that information. We're also gonna give you a link to sign up for our fast start training class that class actually gonna be taught by someone who's already been successful again, so they can share with you the necessary systems on how you can take your business to the next level and congratulations on doing that. 
Then lastly I want you to get with your sponsor. That's the person who introduced you to pplsi. They're gonna help you to set up a game plan interview. It's real simple. It's how much? and what type of time do you have in order to earn that amount of money and That's everybody. This is why it's so unique and so special to you because What you want out of your own pplsi business someone else wants something completely different. So we're gonna design that specifically for you to meet your actual calendar and your income goal again. Congratulations. Welcome to the ppls soft family. I cannot wait to hear your story in the best is truly yet to come congrats.