Greetings and welcome to the pplsi family. My name is Darnell self. I'm here in my home in Maryland. I've been working out of my home now for over 20 years because of this amazing company, but guess what? It's not about me. I know it's your first 48 hours, but guess what? I had my first 48 Hours as well. And if I had to do it all again, I would do it just like this. I would find out where a local event is in my area so that I could attend that event because being in the right rooms, like proximity has power I would get around those who are the most successful in the great thing is we have a hybrid company. So some of that's gonna be in person and some of that is via Zoom or technology that you'll be able to link in with successful associate. So one hour get around the most successful Associates as fast as I could now when I got started the next event was Atlanta Georgia and I live in Maryland. So that's about a 10-hour drive. But because I understood being around the most successful people and being mentored by the most successful people I drove there and I'm asking that you do that. I'm saying your First 48 hours though at least find out where some of those events are taking place and put it on your calendar. Number two. We want to get you paid in promoting. Get you paid and promoted we call it fast start qualified. Now. The company says hey you get 20 days to become fast our qualified to earn your bonuses. A lot of people waiting to the 19th in the 20th day, which is two days. So if that's the case, why not do it your first two days like your first 48 hours if it's gonna take you two days to do it. Anyway do it your first two days. So what is what does that mean? Well one you have to take your fast start training class. So make sure you find out when that is and take that as soon as you can but you can already go out and get your first handful of customers and your one business partner because oh you need three customers and one of those customers is probably gonna say well, can I make money off of this too? You say sure you can share with other people. So they become an associate we call that three and one three customers. One of those customers becomes an associate right just like you and you went to your faster training class. You're now fast or qualified. so one that increases your belief level right like man, I hit my first rank already number two, it increases your belief because you got paid you're not to say I heard that guy from Maryland who talks really fast who invited me to the company who said welcome to me in the first 48 Hours set it you can say I know Right, it's different when you say I know so so allow us to help you get paid and promoted as soon as possible again, it gives you your belief it also gives you a testimony so that when others say, how's it going for you can say, you know, all right made a little bit of money. The extra money is nice. It's a testimony. It's your belief check. So I'm excited about you getting that deposit. And then finally if I would do it all over again, I have my first my first 48 hours all over again, I would access as much information as fast as I could now, there's several videos that you'll have access to that will share with you how to launch your business for an example. You can put a lot of people together one platform like a zoom platform. All right even have them in your house if you want to and you can have a guest speaker someone who's already well versed at doing the presentation jump on that Zoom platform and do a presentation for years your grand opening you hear about that one of the videos if you're like, hey this I'm not really sure how I would really build. Business you're going to have a video on how to build how to structure your business out. So that my point is that you have access today say well listen, I don't even know how to answer questions great. We call that a three-way call you have access to an expert that you can get your guests your prospect on the phone with them. They'll answer the questions for you in front of you that way now you're learning how to do it yourself in this awesome and your prospect was able to get the answers that they need it to make an intelligent wise and well informed decision. Is all work together and there's a training course on three-way calling. So my point is I would gain access to all the information I could as fast as I could which is by the way what I did back then don't judge me. They were cassette tapes. Now you have right there in your back office you have right here where you're watching this and you can gain that information that education which makes you more competent and thus makes you more confident. Listen. I'm excited for you. I can't wait to celebrate and congratulate you when you're first rank advancement. That's fast our qualification and Beyond take care. God bless and welcome again to the ppls our family.